all right good morning YouTube they say
we're going over today is how to program
your DirecTV receiver remote control to
work with your Xbox 360 so you have my
xbox 360 in a way and the cover there
and this is the DirecTV remote control
so what we're going to want to do is
first thing when you do is find out the
programming code for the 360 so what
shouldn't do is go ahead and press the
menu button and from menu you're gonna
go down yes I should show you the TV
here might make a little bit better
we're gonna go down to or no faves and
setup system setup and from here you'll
see remote control remote control over
here you want to choose program remote
and now I'm gonna use a be one you can
use a v2 as well it doesn't really make
a difference that I know of anyway
alright now as you can see on here they
obviously don't have an xbox 360 listed
directly but since Xbox 360 is also a
DVD player
I'm just go ahead and choose DVD and the
site you're gonna choose your brand you
could waste your time and go down one by
one on these things but it's gonna take
a while the easiest trick is to use it
like text messaging on the remote just
press number six one time for M you can
give up the easy save time up there
okay okay I need to point another
controller there we go so you're gettin
em up there and they're gonna press the
number four three times for the eye and
then that should take us right to
Microsoft go ahead and click on
Microsoft and now you're gonna see the
programming codes now these are the
program codes for my HD receiver which
is I believe an HR 20 so yours may be
the same a bit different so give them a
go and basically to get it work see if I
can do this you want to press the menu
button and select at the same time so
the menus here selects up here and it
should flash the lights twice at the top
now you know what I forgot to put in avi
mode first step and an avi move let's do
that so at the top you see the switch
make sure it clicks into place but
doesn't click it's not in there and then
it's my dog Sambo with my girl Callie
okay so going back menu and select into
the light legs twice green there we go
they plug in the first code it's just
two zero five two two and if it works
it's gonna flash twice and then we press
the power button and Xbox 360 comes on
don't you see you it didn't work we're
gonna try it again but this time we're
gonna use the second code which is two
one seven zero eight so or an AVI mode
both these buttons at the same time
three like flashes two one seven zero
eight bring light flashed again and well
as well we power and we see wallah now I
got the Xbox 360 working with a regular
TV or
and you just saved about $30 and put
Microsoft out $30
all right so make sure it's working we
can get out of this now I have my xbox
360 plug up my front and video so I go
over to go from a video and there we go
Xbox 360 is alive and working switch the
remote back over to a v1 there you go
clicked into place and then we power
sometimes there's a little delay and
it's off and there you go that's my
first youtube video and I hope that
helped you learning how to program your
directv with your Xbox 360 have a good
day